Add missing to_matrix signature (#488)
stan-dev/docs: src/functions-reference/mixed_operations.Rmd

they get filled in column-major order).
`r since("2.15")`

<!-- matrix; to_matrix; (array[] row_vector vs); -->
\index{{\tt \bfseries to\_matrix }!{\tt (array[] row\_vector vs): matrix}|hyperpage}

`matrix` **`to_matrix`**`(array[] row_vector vs)`<br>\newline

> Convert the one-dimensional array vs to a matrix with the same dimensions and
> indexing order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Convert a one-dimensional array of row vectors to a matrix, where the size of the array is the number of rows of the resulting matrix and the length of row vectors is the number of columns.
```
